Well, the lady will ask you.
That's my wife's grandmother
You're welcome.
Don't worry, I will do my best to save him, thank you.
actually
Why are you naked?
Although but
My flash marriage husband's figure is too amazing, right?
As expected of hard work
Look at these pecs, these abs
Honey, you're drooling
No saliva
This man has no scars on his face
The facial features are too excellent
These eyelashes are longer than mine
This nose can slide
These lips look so light too
Not the protagonist
The smell on him
It does look a lot like the woman from five years ago
Wife, please let me go
I'm going, too.
take a shower
Ah!
Oh, what did you tell me?